add experimental note for BACKUP and RESTORE statements (#15514)
pingcap/docs: migrate-from-tidb-to-tidb.md

> **Note:**
>

> > - `BACKUP` and `RESTORE` SQL statements are experimental. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment. This feature might be changed or removed without prior notice. If you find a bug, you can report an [issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues) on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - `BACKUP` and `RESTORE` SQL statements are experimental. It is not recommended that you use them in the production environment. They might be changed or removed without prior notice. If you find a bug, you can report an [issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues) on GitHub.
```
